Add recipes for key-based caching (#7)
bitrise-io/workflow-recipes: recipes/ios-key-cache-spm.md

# (iOS) Cache Swift Package Manager dependencies (Beta)

## Description

> Cache the resolved Swift package dependencies with the new key-based caching steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache the resolved Swift package dependencies with the new key-based caching Steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.
```

## Instructions

> 1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the Workflow.
```

> 1. For the **Cache keys** input, add the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following keys to the **Cache keys** input:
```

    ```
    spm-cache-{{ checksum "**/Package.resolved" }}
    spm-cache-
    ```

>     The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `Package.resolved` within `.xcodeproj` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will use the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `spm-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `Package.resolved` within `.xcodeproj` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will move on to the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `spm-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.
```

1. Add one of the usual iOS build steps, such as [Xcode Test for iOS](https://www.bitrise.io/integrations/steps/xcode-test).

>     - For its **Cache key** input, set `spm-cache-{{ checksum "**/Package.resolved" }}`. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add `spm-cache-{{ checksum "**/Package.resolved" }}` to the **Cache key** input. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.
```
